I used full training data.
Task 1


dictionary.lookup("applicant")
[448]
>>> dictionary.lookup("and")
[2]
>>> dictionary.lookup("attack")
[514]
>>> dictionary.lookup("protein")
[3167]
>>> dictionary.lookup("car")
[652]








Task 2
(a)
(b)
['as']
['courts']
['supreme']
['piller']
['justice']
['ruling']
['plaintiff']
['anton']
['legal']
['procedure']
['appealed']
['creditor']
['constitutional']
['lawful']
['cases']
['employer']
['pfizer']
['law']
['repealed']
['negligence']
['copyright']
['employment']
['justices']
['jurisdictions']
['prove']
['judicial']
['burden']
['defendant']
['insolvent']
['accused']
['reeves']
['grants']
['lords']
['appeals']
['lord']
['case']
['ruled']
['unfair']
['patent']
['lawsuit']
['isa']
['violated']
['judgement']
['must']
['invoked']
['decisions']
['procedures']
['precedent']
['legislation']
['joinder']




Task 3:
(a)


Number we predict to be Australian court cases: %f 401
Number that are actually Australian court cases: %f 377
Number we say are court cases that are actually court cases: %f 375
Precision rate: %f 0.9351620947630923
Recall rate: %f 0.9946949602122016
F1 score is: %f 0.9640102827763497


(b)


Three of the false positive cases are '3156699', '41012179' and '3651424’. The articles are posted below. All of the three articles contain words that often appear in articles describing Australian court cases. Article 1 introduces the “National science board”, and uses a lot of words such as “policy”, “congress”, “issue”, “report”, “member”, “confirm”, “represent”, “establish”, “framework”, “prevention”, “detection”, “advise”, “death”, etc. Article 2 introduces the foundation of an online social media and mobile content provider, and uses a lot of words such as “Australia”, “employed”, “service”, “patent”,  “acquisition”, “member”,  etc. Article 3 introduces a Canadian radio station, and uses a lot of words such as “management”, “ownership”, “rights”, “ruled”, “acquire”, “confirm”, etc. Words like these are professional verbs and nouns that often appear in court case articles, and thus might confuse the machine to believe that those three articles are about Australian court cases.


Article 1
('3156699', ' National Science Board  The National Science Board (NSB) of the United States is composed of 25 members appointed by the President. Until October 2012, the members had to be confirmed by the United States Senate, representing the broad U.S. science and engineering community. The Board establishes the policies of the National Science Foundation (NSF) within the framework of applicable national policies set forth by the President and the Congress. The Board also serves as an independent policy advisory body to the President and Congress on science and engineering research and education issues and has a statutory obligation to "...render to the President and to the Congress reports on specific, individual policy matters related to science and engineering and education in science engineering, as the Board, the President, or the Congress determines the need for such reports," and to "...render to the President and the Congress no later than January 15 of each even numbered year, a report on indicators of the state of science and engineering in the United States." Background. The National Science Board was created through the National Science Foundation Act of 1950: ""There is established in the executive branch of the Government an independent agency to be known as the National Science Foundation (hereinafter referred to as the “Foundation”). The Foundation shall consist of a National Science Board (hereinafter referred to as the “Board”) and a Director."" As an independent Federal agency, NSF does not fall within a cabinet department; rather NSF\'s activities are guided by the National Science Board (NSB or Board). The Board was established by the Congress to serve as a national science policy body, and to oversee and guide the activities of NSF. It has dual responsibilities to: a) provide independent national science policy advice to the President and the Congress; and b) establish policies for NSF. The Board meets five times per year to review and approve major NSF awards and new programs, provide policy direction to NSF, and address significant science and engineering related national policy issues. It initiates and conducts studies and reports on a broad range of policy topics, and publishes policy papers or statements on issues of importance to U.S. science and engineering research and education enterprises. The Board identifies issues that are critical to NSF\'s future, and approves NSF\'s strategic plan and the annual budget submission to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). Specifically, the Board analyzes NSF\'s budget to ensure progress and consistency in keeping with the strategic direction set for NSF and to ensure balance between new investments and core programs. Composition. The Board has 24 members appointed by the President, plus the NSF Director who serves as an "ex officio" member (for a total of 25 members). Every two years, one-third (eight) of the members rotate off of the Board and eight new members are appointed (or occasionally re-appointed) to serve for six-year terms. Board member nominations are based on distinguished service and eminence in research, education and/or public service. Members are drawn from academia and industry, and represent a diverse range of science, technology, engineering, and education disciplines and geographic areas. Members of the National Science Board. None as of May 2013 Activities/Work of the National Science Board. The Board has two overarching roles: 1) Provide oversight and policy guidance to the National Science Foundation; and 2) Serve as an advisor to Congress and the President on matters concerning science and engineering in the U.S. Committees. Much of the background work of the National Science Board is done through its committees. By statute, the Board has an Executive Committee (EC), which exercises such functions as are delegated to it by the Board, and such other committees as the Board deems necessary. As of January 2009, the Board has five other standing committees. Current Activities. Task Force on Administrative Burdens: From the AB charge -- "The National Science Board (Board) will examine the administrative burden imposed on federally supported researchers at U.S. colleges, universities, and non-profit institutions and offer recommendations where appropriate on relieving the administrative workload." Recent Activities. In 2009-10, the Board authorized three new activities. As of May 4, 2012, these three activities have been completed: Activities Relating to Policy Guidance for NSF. Over the past several years, the Board completed several items responsive to its mission to provide policy direction to the NSF. For example, "Enhancing Support of Transformative Research at the National Science Foundation", provided guidance on the creation of a new NSF Transformative Research Initiative. In 2009, the Board released, "Investing in the Future: NSF Cost Sharing Policies for a Robust Federal Research Enterprise." The recommendations in this report were intended to "improve consistency and clarity of NSF cost sharing practices and policy and to maximize the effectiveness of institutional dollars invested in research."  Activities as Policy Advisers to Congress and the President. "Science & Engineering Indicators" (SEI) is prepared by the National Science Foundation\'s National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics (NCSES) on behalf of the National Science Board as required by law. It is subject to extensive review by outside experts, interested federal agencies, NSB members, and NCSES internal reviewers for accuracy, coverage, and balance. SEI comprise quantitative data on the U.S. and international science and engineering enterprise. It objectively reviews science and engineering progress in US and international arena. Though the report does not offer policy options and recommendations, it is used by different governmental and non-governmental entities to formulate their own policies and recommendations. SEI employs a variety of presentational styles—tables, figures, narrative text, bulleted text, web-based links, highlights, introductions, conclusions, reference lists—to make the data accessible to readers with different information needs and different information processing preferences. "Chapters": SEI includes seven chapters that follow a generally consistent pattern; an eighth chapter, on state indicators, presented in a unique format; and an overview that precedes these eight chapters. The chapter titles are: An appendix volume, available online contains detailed data tables keyed to each of the eight chapters listed. "Digest of Key Science and Engineering Indicators": In 2006, the Board produced a pilot "digest" or condensed version of SEI comprising a small selection of important indicators. The "Digest" serves two purposes: (1) to draw attention to important trends and data points from across the chapters and volumes of SEI and (2) to introduce readers to the data resources available in the main volumes of SEI. While the 2012 version of "Science and Engineering Indicators" notes this survey data and the survey problem, the NSB continues to minimize this data and does not draw attention to the unfavorable comparison to European and Japanese public understanding of these scientific issues.  "Companion to SEI": A National Science Board policy statement, or "companion," authored by the Board, draws upon the data in SEI and offers recommendations on issues of concern for national science and engineering research or education policy, in keeping with the Board\'s statutory responsibility to bring attention to such issues.  "Recent SEI Companions" The NSB has produced policy guidance in the area of STEM education for several decades. In 2007/2008 the NSB developed a national action plan for addressing the critical STEM education needs of our Nation while providing specific guidance for the role of NSF in the national STEM education enterprise (STEM Action Plan).  In January 2009, the NSB approved and transmitted a set of six recommendations to the Barack Obama Administration. These recommendations outline a series of steps to improve STEM education and foster innovation to ensure both scientific literacy among the public and ensure global competitiveness in the 21st century. From the STEM education recommendations: On August 24–25, 2009, the Board held a two-day expert panel discussion on, "Preparing the Next Generation of STEM Innovators." The discussion featured a number of experts from around the U.S. including, Joyce VanTassel-Baska, Nicholas Colangelo, Stephanie Pace Marshall, Dean Kamen, Joshua Wyner and U.S. Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan. The goal of the expert panel discussion was to inform the Board\'s thinking on recommendations to NSF and perhaps the federal government on how to identify and develop U.S. children and young adults who are talented and motivated and have the potential to become future leaders in STEM fields. The STEM Innovators report was approved by the full Board on May 5, 2010 and released on September 15, 2010.  In August, 2009, the Board released a report on sustainability, "Building a Sustainable Energy Future: U.S. Actions for an Effective Energy Economy Transformation." In 2007, the Board published, "HURRICANE WARNING: The Critical Need for a National Hurricane Research Initiative". This report provides broad recommendations regarding the United States\' hurricane research enterprise, as well as specific guidance for the role that NSF should play in these efforts. Approval of Major NSF Awards. Depending on the size of the proposed award, the Board will review funding of major facilities and projects. The following is a non-comprehensive list of the types of large-scale projects the Board has reviewed and approved: Honors. The NSB sponsors national honorary awards: Vannevar Bush Award - established by the board in 1980, awarded to senior scientists for public service in science and technology; NSB Public Service Award - established by the board in 1996, presented to one or more individuals, or to a company, corporation or organization, in recognition of their contributions to increasing public understanding of science or engineering.  </doc> ')


Article 2
('41012179', ' Boltblue  Boltblue is an online social media and mobile content provider headquartered in London, United Kingdom. Registered users can access services through the web and their mobile telephones, allowing them to consume music, messaging, video games, and microblogging services across multiple devices. The Company has more than 14 million unique users of its service in more than 60 countries. Boltblue\'s primary markets are the United Kingdom, Australia, Ireland, Netherlands, Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. The company maintains offices in London and Sydney. The Company was started in January 2000 and boltblue.com rapidly thereafter became a leading website in the UK. The company raised €12 million from VC and angel investors. The company has received numerous awards, including the Sunday Times Tech Track 100 awarded for being the UK\'s 13th fastest growing technology company and the 40th most influential new media company according to the Media Momentum awards. History. The Company was founded by Michael Brown when he saw the market potential for SMS while working for Nortel Networks and left in January 2000 to found Boltblue with Michelle Tsang, a former CSFB banker. Brown\'s vision was formulated on the premise that SMS messaging would change the way that people interact with each other and be a critical enabler for delivery of new person-to-person communication and application-to-person information services that were location-aware. The company became well known, attracting more than 9 million customers by 2005, coming the UK\'s second most popular telecom site behind BT Group\'s bt.com. By 2009, boltblue reach 13 million users. Initial marketing efforts involved getting the message out that mobile telephones could be used for obtain information and entertainment services while people where not sitting in front of a computer. The company sent a hundred unemployed actors into public areas like Liverpool Street Station in London to demonstrate how its services worked. Founding vision. In the UK during 1999, short message service (SMS) became available for the first time across mobile network providers allowing mobile phone users to message each other. This is a key enabler for Boltblue\'s vision of an inteconnected world of services, people and applications. The company undertook a number of activities such as conducting the first mobile voting poll, which involved messages more than 1 million British mobile phone users for the UK\'s general election in 2001. The company\'s efforts were supported by, amongst other prominent leaders, Charles Kennedy, the leader of the Liberal Democrats. Research and Development. In 2005, 2006, and 2011, Boltblue ranked in the top UK companies investing in research and development. Boltblue\'s technology and knowhow disclosed in a patent filing for "Address defined session management over stateless communications channels" has been utilised and built upon by others, including: RIM, Nortel Networks, IBM, Yahoo! and others. Internet Service Provider. In 2001, Boltblue provided a home to 90,000 residential and business ISP customers orphaned by NTL, after NTL\'s acquisition of them from Cable & Wireless Communications in 2001. NTL was unable or unwilling to provide services to these customers because they were not serviced by NTL\'s cabled infrastructure. Boltblue grew its broadband ISP business by competing on speed and service quality and was frequently in the Top 10 UK broadband providers ranked by speed and customer service. The company divested the bulk of the ISP business in 2007. International Expansion. In early 2003, Boltblue\'s rapid growth was causing technology problems with its website. During the summer of 2003, the company rewrote its entire technology platform and incorporated support for internationalisation. Boltblue began expanding internationally. The first such new territory was the United States. With its new platform providing to be robust, the company expanded further by launching in Australia in 2004, and Ireland in 2005, and Germany, Austria, and the Netherlands in 2006. In 2010, 68% of revenues were from outside the UK. Products and Services. Boltblue offerings its services directly to customers\' mobile telephone and through dedicated portals for consumer and business. Consumer Services. Consumer services include MP3, ringtones, phone logos, colour wallpaper, picture messaging, greeting cards, gaming, phone alerts, videos, messaging, micro-bloggin, online dating, and news and sports coverage. Boltblue offers a catalogue of more than 50,000 items available for download. Business Services. Boltblue offers three business product lines. Business offering includes:  The company provides mobile messages services through its corporate messaging platform for business and governmental services like the NHS. Other high profile customers of the Boltblue Business Services includes Global Crossing and various police forces within England and Wales. Past Advertising Partners include: O2, Vodafone, Three, McDonalds, United International Pictures, Levi\'s, Coca-Cola, Samsung, Sony Ericsson, Tommy Hilfiger, Royal Mail, 20th Century Fox, and Procter & Gamble.  </doc> ')


Article 3
('3651424', ' CHAM  CHAM is a Canadian radio station in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Owned by Bell Media, the station broadcasts Premiere Radio Networks\' "24/7 Comedy" radio network under the brand "Funny 820". Station history. CHAM began operations in November 1959 as a 5,000 watt station at the 1280 AM frequency under the CHIQ call letters. Initially the station broadcast a classical music format but rock and roll was featured later in the 1960s, with Canadian radio personality David Marsden among the station\'s DJ roster. In 1965, the power was increased to 10,000 watts day / 5,000 watts night (the station went full-time 10\xa0kW in 1968). The station was purchased from CHIQ, Ltd. in 1967 by (Ted) Rogers Broadcasting Ltd., which received approval from the CRTC to change the call letters from CHIQ to CHAM. Under Rogers\' ownership and management by Dancy Broadcasting, Ltd., CHAM launched a "Middle of the road" music format on November 1, 1967. By 1970, CHAM switched to Top 40 format, directly competing with CKOC (a future sister station of CHAM\'s in the 2000s) and including in its playlist many records that didn\'t receive exposure elsewhere in the market. Some of the personalities who worked at CHAM during this time period included Paul Godfrey, Dick Joseph (who worked there twice - the second time under their next call letters), Gil Harris, Rockin\' Ron Baptist, Ravin\' Dave Mitchell, Don Collins, Bob Wood (later program/operations manager of WBEN AM/FM in Buffalo), Ike Isaac, Ken Packham, Skip Dewling, Wayne Dion, J.J.Clarke, Don West, Len Robinson, Dave Fisher Ted Michaels, and newscaster Glen Darling. CHAM published a weekly Top 40 poster approximately between 1971 and 1974. In an unusual move, CHAM\'s broadcasting facilities were located inside a shopping mall called Terminal Towers, from which passers by could peer into the station\'s glass walls and watch the announcers work. In 1976, CHAM was sold to Keith Dancy and the station adopted a "gold and great" format under the CJJD call sign. Soon afterward, the station\'s facilities were moved out of Terminal Towers (and the public eye) and up a few blocks to Lloyd D. Jackson Square. For one year in 1978, the station held the radio broadcast rights to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats football team; it remains, to date, the only year in the Tiger-Cats\' history that it did not broadcast on flagship CHML. In 1981, Moffat Communications, Ltd. acquired CJJD and immediately upgraded the station\'s facilities, expanded its news staff, and included some talk programming in the lineup. Moffat changed the station call sign back to CHAM in 1982, and in July 1983, changed format to country music, broadcasting in AM stereo. In August 1985, CHAM moved to a stronger dial position at 820 AM, increasing power to 50\xa0kW day / 10\xa0kW night As a pioneering country station, "820 CHAM" would earn its greatest fame and following, having had a good run for 2+ decades under various management and ownership, including Golden West Broadcasting (acquired the station in 1993), Affinity Radio Group (1997), and Telemedia (2000). CHAM was honoured as Canadian Country Music Association Station of the Year in 1989, the same year the Country Music Association bestowed Medium Market Station honours. In 2002, Standard Broadcasting acquired CHAM and its sister stations (CKOC and CKLH), and on January 31, 2005, at 8:20am, with contemporary country listeners having gravitated to the FM dial, adjusted CHAM\'s format to become "All Time Country Favourites: 820 CHAM - The Legend," with the station concentrating on classic country music (though a few current songs would later be included on a limited basis). In October 2007, Astral Media acquired Standard Broadcasting\'s terrestrial radio and television assets, including CHAM. On August 29, 2008, the station began stunting with all-Christmas music, teasing listeners that on September 2, 2008, there would be "ten thousand reasons to tune in at 8:20am." On September 2, CHAM\'s new format was revealed—a talk radio format as "Talk 820." CHAM\'s talk schedule would include local talk shows hosted by Mike Nabuurs, Becky Coles, Jason Farr, Dave Shuttleworth, and Mike Bullard, along with syndicated shows including Dennis Miller. The new CHAM format included live sports coverage, including Hamilton Bulldogs hockey, Toronto Blue Jays baseball, and National Football League broadcasts from Westwood One. The "Talk 820" format of CHAM did not provide the total numbers that Astral was looking for, with the station lagging behind longtime Hamilton talk stalwart CHML. Seeing an opportunity to fill a country void in the Hamilton market left by CING-FM\'s changeover to classic hits in 2009, and taking advantage of a staff restructuring at the Astral Hamilton station cluster, CHAM reverted to an all-country format (and the "820 CHAM" branding) on July 22, 2010 at 12PM. The playlist concentrated on both current country and hits from the past 20 years, with a greater than usual focus on Canadian content. The station would keep many of the sports commitments it adopted during its talk format, many of which it had already held prior to the talk format\'s debut. By August 2011, CHAM gained country competition when CHKX-FM flipped formats from smooth jazz to country. CHKX and its clearer-sounding FM signal would eventually surpass CHAM in the ratings, leading to speculation that CHAM would drop country a second time. On August 20, 2012, Astral Media would confirm that CHAM would change to an all-comedy format; at 8:20AM the next morning (August 21, 2012), after "Here Comes Goodbye" by Rascal Flatts and "Sideways" by Dierks Bentley were the last songs played on "820 CHAM," the station became "Funny 820," Astral\'s second full-time comedy station (after London\'s CKSL). The content on "Funny 820" relies heavily on vintage and archived stand-up and improvisational comedy bits provided by 24/7 Comedy Radio, a US-based service to which Astral owns exclusive Canadian broadcast rights. Local content is currently limited to voiceovers and traffic and entertainment updates provided by Mike Nabuurs, the "Funny 820 Ambassador of Funny" and the only on-air talent carried over from "820 CHAM," although spotlights on local comedy talent have not been ruled out in the future. In early 2013, the station added Astral\'s new late night Humble & Fred show. Most recently, for the 2013-2014 hockey season, the station is airing Toronto Maple Leafs games in addition to their usual comedic fare. 24/7 Comedy is set to cease terrestrial distribution in August 2014. A new format for the network\'s Canadian stations has not yet been announced. Former CHAM on-air personalities. The following is a list of "820 CHAM" on-air personalities at the time of the station\'s format flip from country to comedy in August 2012:  </doc> ')